feat: make namespace ownership optional for RestateCluster (#31)
restatedev/restate-operator: README.md

*   **`[metadata-client]`**: Configures how the cluster stores its core metadata. This is a critical choice for production deployments.
    *   `type = "replicated"`: Uses a built-in Raft consensus protocol. This is simpler to set up but requires careful management of the Raft cluster members.

>     *   `type = "object-store"`: Uses an S3-compatible object store for metadata, which is recommended for production workloads. You must provide the `path` to the bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `type = "object-store"`: Uses an S3-compatible object store for metadata, which is simpler to operate particularly if using an object store for snapshots. You must provide the `path` to the bucket.
```
